Copyright © 2010, UChicago Argonne, LLC

All Rights Reserved

small_angle.utils (software for small-angle scattering)

OPEN SOURCE LICENSE

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
 
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  Software changes, 
modifications, or derivative works, should be noted with comments and the 
author and organization’s name.
 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 
3. Neither the names of UChicago Argonne, LLC or the Department of Energy 
nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote 
products derived from this software without specific prior written 
permission.

4. The software and the end-user documentation included with the 
redistribution, if any, must include the following acknowledgment:
 
"This product includes software produced by UChicago Argonne, LLC under 
Contract No. DE-AC02-06CH11357 with the Department of Energy."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
DISCLAIMER

THE SOFTWARE IS SUPPLIED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.

NEITHER THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT, NOR THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF 
ENERGY, NOR UCHICAGO ARGONNE, LLC, NOR ANY OF THEIR EMPLOYEES, MAKES ANY 
WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR ASSUMES ANY LEGAL LIABILITY OR 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF ANY 
INFORMATION, DATA, APPARATUS, PRODUCT, OR PROCESS DISCLOSED, OR 
REPRESENTS THAT ITS USE WOULD NOT INFRINGE PRIVATELY OWNED RIGHTS.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

 
THIRD-PARTY LICENSES

THIS SOFTWARE MAY INCLUDE OR USE THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE THAT HAVE OTHER 
LICENSE AGREEMENTS, NOTICES, OR TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  THESE AGREEMENTS 
SHOULD BE INCLUDED WITH ANY THIRD-PARTY PACKAGES THAT ARE DISTRIBUTED 
WITH THIS SOFTWARE AND SHOULD ALSO BE AVAILABLE ON THE RESPECTIVE 
THIRD-PARTY WEB SITES. IT IS YOUR OBLIGATION TO READ AND ACCEPT ALL SUCH 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS PRIOR TO USE OF THE CONTENT. 
